INSTALL.md, before:

## Installation

### Requirements:
- PyTorch 1.0 from a nightly release. Installation instructions can be found in https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally/
- torchvision from master
- cocoapi
- yacs
- matplotlib
- (optional) OpenCV for the webcam demo


### Step-by-step installation

```bash
# maskrnn_benchmark and coco api dependencies
pip install ninja yacs cython matplotlib

# follow PyTorch installation in https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally/
# we give the instructions for CUDA 9.0
conda install pytorch-nightly -c pytorch

# install torchvision
cd ~/github
git clone git@github.com:pytorch/vision.git
cd vision
python setup.py install

# install pycocotools
cd ~/github
git clone git@github.com:cocodataset/cocoapi.git
cd cocoapi/PythonAPI
python setup.py build_ext install

# install PyTorch Detection
cd ~/github
git clone git@github.com:facebookresearch/maskrcnn-benchmark.git
cd maskrcnn-benchmark
# the following will install the lib with
# symbolic links, so that you can modify
# the files if you want and won't need to
# re-build it
python setup.py build develop

# or if you are on macOS
# MACOSX_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET=10.9 CC=clang CXX=clang++ python setup.py build develop
```

Commit message:

Improve installation instructions for fresh conda (#12)

INSTALL.md, after:

## Installation

### Requirements:
- PyTorch 1.0 from a nightly release. Installation instructions can be found in https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally/
- torchvision from master
- cocoapi
- yacs
- matplotlib
- (optional) OpenCV for the webcam demo


### Step-by-step installation

```bash
# first, make sure that your conda is setup properly with the right environment
# for that, check that `which conda`, `which pip` and `which python` points to the
# right path. From a clean conda env, this is what you need to do

conda create --name maskrcnn_benchmark
source activate maskrcnn_benchmark

# this installs the right pip and dependencies for the fresh python
conda install ipython

# maskrnn_benchmark and coco api dependencies
pip install ninja yacs cython matplotlib

# follow PyTorch installation in https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally/
# we give the instructions for CUDA 9.0
conda install pytorch-nightly -c pytorch

# install torchvision
cd ~/github
git clone git@github.com:pytorch/vision.git
cd vision
python setup.py install

# install pycocotools
cd ~/github
git clone git@github.com:cocodataset/cocoapi.git
cd cocoapi/PythonAPI
python setup.py build_ext install

# install PyTorch Detection
cd ~/github
git clone git@github.com:facebookresearch/maskrcnn-benchmark.git
cd maskrcnn-benchmark
# the following will install the lib with
# symbolic links, so that you can modify
# the files if you want and won't need to
# re-build it
python setup.py build develop

# or if you are on macOS
# MACOSX_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET=10.9 CC=clang CXX=clang++ python setup.py build develop
```
